>   **SENG 438 - Software Testing, Reliability, and Quality**

**Lab. Report \#1 – Introduction to Testing and Defect Tracking**

| Group: Group Number 13     |
|-----------------|
| Bismarck Leung               |   
| David Tran              |   
| Shichao Han              |   
| Zirui Wang                |   


**Table of Contents**

(When you finish writing, update the following list using right click, then
“Update Field”)

[1 Introduction	1](#_Toc439194677)

[2 High-level description of the exploratory testing plan	1](#_Toc439194678)

[3 Comparison of exploratory and manual functional testing	1](#_Toc439194679)

[4 Notes and discussion of the peer reviews of defect reports	1](#_Toc439194680)

[5 How the pair testing was managed and team work/effort was
divided	1](#_Toc439194681)

[6 Difficulties encountered, challenges overcome, and lessons
learned	1](#_Toc439194682)

[7 Comments/feedback on the lab and lab document itself	1](#_Toc439194683)

# Introduction

Throughout this lab, we learnt that testing is a team effort and that everyone needs to work together in order for the problem to be running as bug-free as possible. It is important to us that we do this in a organized way so that all the bugs that we discover is addressed properly and in proper form. Our approach to this lab is primarly making sure that the application is performing the required functions correctly.

# High-level description of the exploratory testing plan

Text…

# Comparison of exploratory and manual functional testing

Text…

-   Note that you need to submit a report generated by your defect tracking
    system, containing all defects recorded in the system.

# Notes and discussion of the peer reviews of defect reports

Text…

# How the pair testing was managed and team work/effort was divided 

Text…

# Difficulties encountered, challenges overcome, and lessons learned

Text…

# Comments/feedback on the lab and lab document itself

Text…
